Don't be too happy
Since the owner doesn't care about the banquet
Then do you think I came alone with you?
come in
Come on, where have I died?
You mean the hundreds of chops at the door?
I've sent someone to deal with it all. What?
Lord Owner
Agricultural brother knows
Report that the owner has found the lady
And got rid of all the shopkeepers under Shen Tian
Report Electric Bamboo Stove
The subordinates have completed the task as instructed
Return now
Shen Yan turned out to be the owner of Long
Before, in the Ye family, I was still focusing on his problems everywhere
This is bad.
shopkeeper
I was blind before
Wronged and misunderstood
Humble, shopkeeper
The owner, I am Wanting's sister.
Please help me
Save me, Lord Piaoxue
You just said you'd keep me safe
Ningbo will play
Did the owner invite the lady in?
Madam please enter